W-16716183 MuleSoft AI Chain Connector (#2706)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: mulesoft-ai-chain/1.0/modules/ROOT/pages/mulesoft-ai-chain-connector-reference.adoc

|===

[[RepeatableInMemoryStream]]
=== Repeatable In-Memory Stream

Configures the in-memory streaming strategy by which the request fails if the data exceeds the MAX buffer size. Always run performance tests to find the optimal buffer size for your specific use case.

[%header,cols="20s,25a,30a,15a,10a"]
|===
| Field | Type | Description | Default Value | Required
| Initial Buffer Size a| Number | Initial amount of memory to allocate to the data stream. If the streamed data exceeds this value, the buffer expands by *Buffer Size Increment*, with an upper limit of *Max Buffer Size*. |  |
| Buffer Size Increment a| Number | Amount by which the buffer size expands if it exceeds its initial size. Setting a value of `0` or lower specifies that the buffer can't expand. |  |
| Max Buffer Size a| Number | The maximum amount of memory to use. If more than that is used then a `STREAM_MAXIMUM_SIZE_EXCEEDED` error is raised. A value lower than or equal to zero means no limit. |  |
| Buffer Unit a| Enumeration, one of:

** BYTE
** KB
** MB
** GB | Unit for the *Initial Buffer Size*, *Buffer Size Increment*, and *Max Buffer Size* fields. |  |
|===

> [[RepeatableFileMemoryStream]]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[[RepeatableFileStoreStream]]
```

= MuleSoft AI Chain Module Connector Reference

The main class of an extension, is the entry point from which configurations, connection providers, operations and sources are declared.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[[Config]]
```

== Configuration

Default Configuration for MuleSoft AI Chain Connector.

=== Parameters

> [%header%autowidth.spread]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[%header,cols="20s,25a,30a,15a,10a"]
```

Reviewer: globally replace

|===
| Name | Type | Description | Default Value | Required
|Name | String | Name for this configuration. Connectors reference the configuration with this name. | | x
| LLM type a| String a| Large Language Model type:

** Anthropic
** Azure OpenAI
** Mistral AI
** Ollama
** OpenAI
** GroqAI |  | x
| Config Type a| String a| Configuration type:

* Environment Variables
* Configuration JSON  |  | x

> | File Path a| String |  |  | x

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| File Path a| String | File path. |  | x
```

| Model Name a| String | Supported model for the chosen LLM. |  | x
| Temperature a| Number |Controls the randomness of the output. |  0.7 | 
| LLM timeout a| Number | Timeout for the LLM request. |  60 seconds | 
| LLM timeout unit a| Enumeration, one of:

** NANOSECONDS
** MICROSECONDS
** MILLISECONDS
** SECONDS
** MINUTES
** HOURS

> ** DAYS |  Time unit to use in the LLM Timeout. |  SECONDS | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** DAYS |  Time unit to use in the *LLM timeout* field. |  SECONDS | 
```

> | Max Tokens a| Number | Defines the number of LLM Token to use when generating a response. |  500 | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Max Tokens a| Number | Defines the number of LLM tokens to use when generating a response. |  500 | 
```

| Name a| String | ID used to reference this configuration. |  | x
| Expiration Policy a| <<ExpirationPolicy>> |  Configures the minimum amount of time that a dynamic configuration instance can remain idle before Mule considers it eligible for expiration.   |  | 
|===

== Supported Operations

* <<AgentDefinePromptTemplate>> 
* <<ChatAnswerPrompt>> 
* <<ChatAnswerPromptWithMemory>> 
* <<EmbeddingGetInfoFromStore>> 
* <<EmbeddingGetInfoFromStoreLegacy>> 
* <<ImageGenerate>> 
* <<ImageRead>> 
* <<ImageReadScannedDocuments>> 
* <<RagLoadDocument>> 
* <<SentimentAnalyze>> 
* <<ToolsUseAiService>> 
* <<ToolsUseAiServiceLegacy>> 

== Operations

[[AgentDefinePromptTemplate]]
=== AGENT Define Prompt Template
`<ms-aichain:agent-define-prompt-template>`

Helps in defining an AI Agent configured with a prompt template

==== Parameters

[%header%autowidth.spread]
|===
| Name | Type | Description | Default Value | Required
| Configuration | String | Name of the configuration to use. | | x

> | Dataset a| String |  Refers to the user query to be acted upon |  #[payload] | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Dataset a| String |  Refers to the user query to act upon. |  #[payload] | 
```

> | Template a| String |  Refers to sample template used by LLM to respond adequately to the user queries |  | x

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Template a| String |  Refers to sample template used by LLM to respond adequately to the user queries. |  | x
```

> | Instructions a| String |  This provides the LLM on how to understand and respond to the user queries |  | x

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Instructions a| String |  Provides the LLM on how to understand and respond to the user queries. |  | x
```

| Output Mime Type a| String |  The MIME type of the payload that this operation outputs. |  | 
| Output Encoding a| String |  The encoding of the payload that this operation outputs. |  | 
| Config Ref a| ConfigurationProvider |  Name of the configuration to use to execute this component. |  | x
| Streaming Strategy a| * <<RepeatableInMemoryStream>>
* <<RepeatableFileStoreStream>>
* non-repeatable-stream |  Configures how Mule processes streams. Repeatable streams are the default behavior. |  | 
| Target Variable a| String |  Name of the variable that stores the operation's output. |  | 
| Target Value a| String |  Expression that evaluates the operation's output. The expression outcome is stored in the target variable. |  #[payload] | 
|===

==== Output

[%autowidth.spread]
|===
|Type |Any
| Attributes Type a| <<LlmResponseAttributes>>
|===

=== For Configurations

* <<Config>> 

=== Throws

* MS-AICHAIN:AI_SERVICES_FAILURE 

[[ChatAnswerPrompt]]
=== CHAT Answer Prompt
`<ms-aichain:chat-answer-prompt>`

> Implements a simple Chat agent to enable chat with the LLM

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Implements a simple chat agent to enable chat with the LLM
```

=== Parameters

[%header%autowidth.spread]
|===
| Name | Type | Description | Default Value | Required
| Configuration | String | Name of the configuration to use. | | x

> | Prompt a| String |  User defined prompt query |  #[payload] | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Prompt a| String |  User-defined prompt query. |  #[payload] | 
```

| Config Ref a| ConfigurationProvider |  Name of the configuration to use to execute this component. |  | x
| Streaming Strategy a| * <<RepeatableInMemoryStream>>
* <<RepeatableFileStoreStream>>
* non-repeatable-stream |  Configures how Mule processes streams. Repeatable streams are the default behavior. |  | 
| Target Variable a| String | Name of the variable that stores the operation's output. |  | 
| Target Value a| String |  Expression that evaluates the operation's output. The expression outcome is stored in the target variable. |  #[payload] | 
|===

=== Output

[%autowidth.spread]
|===
|Type |Any
| Attributes Type a| <<LlmResponseAttributes>>
|===

=== For Configurations

* <<Config>> 

=== Throws

* MS-AICHAIN:AI_SERVICES_FAILURE 

[[ChatAnswerPromptWithMemory]]
=== CHAT Answer Prompt With Memory
`<ms-aichain:chat-answer-prompt-with-memory>`

Implements a chat memory for a defined LLM as an AI Agent. The memoryName allows the multichannel / profile design.

==== Parameters

[%header%autowidth.spread]
|===
| Name | Type | Description | Default Value | Required
| Configuration | String | Name of the configuration to use. | | x

> | Data a| String |  Refers to the user prompt |  #[payload] | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Data a| String |  Refers to the user prompt. |  #[payload] | 
```

> | Memory Name a| String |  Name of the memory to be fetched for further processing by the LLMs |  | x

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Memory Name a| String |  Name of the memory to be fetched for further processing by the LLMs. |  | x
```

> | Db File Path a| String |  Location of the file containing the memory |  | x

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Db File Path a| String |  Location of the file containing the memory. |  | x
```

| Streaming Strategy a| * <<RepeatableInMemoryStream>>
* <<RepeatableFileStoreStream>>
* non-repeatable-stream |  Configures how Mule processes streams. Repeatable streams are the default behavior. |  | 
| Target Variable a| String |  Name of the variable that stores the operation's output. |  | 
| Target Value a| String |  Expression that evaluates the operation's output. The expression outcome is stored in the target variable. |  #[payload] | 
|===

==== Output

[%autowidth.spread]
|===
|Type |Any
| Attributes Type a| <<LlmResponseAttributes>>
|===

==== For Configurations

* <<Config>> 

==== Throws

* MS-AICHAIN:AI_SERVICES_FAILURE 
* MS-AICHAIN:EMBEDDING_OPERATIONS_FAILURE 
* MS-AICHAIN:FILE_HANDLING_FAILURE 
* MS-AICHAIN:RAG_FAILURE 
* MS-AICHAIN:TOOLS_OPERATION_FAILURE 

[[EmbeddingGetInfoFromStore]]
=== EMBEDDING Get Info From Store
`<ms-aichain:embedding-get-info-from-store>`

Reads information via prompt from embedding store (in-Memory), which is imported from the storeName (full path)

==== Parameters

[%header%autowidth.spread]
|===
| Name | Type | Description | Default Value | Required
| Configuration | String | Name of the configuration to use. | | x

> | Data a| String |  Refers to the user prompt or query |  #[payload] | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Data a| String |  Refers to the user prompt or query. |  #[payload] | 
```

> | Store Name a| String |  Name of the store to be queried |  | x

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Store Name a| String |  Name of the store to query. |  | x
```

> | Get Latest a| Boolean |  Determines whether the store needs to be freshly fetched from the location |  false | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Get Latest a| Boolean |  Determines whether the store needs to be freshly fetched from the location. |  false | 
```

* <<RepeatableFileStoreStream>>
* non-repeatable-stream |  Configures how Mule processes streams. Repeatable streams are the default behavior. |  | 
| Target Variable a| String |  Name of the variable that stores the operation's output. |  | 
| Target Value a| String |  Expression that evaluates the operation's output. The expression outcome is stored in the target variable. |  #[payload] | 
|===

==== Output

[%autowidth.spread]
|===
|Type |Any
| Attributes Type a| <<LlmResponseAttributes>>
|===

==== For Configurations

* <<Config>> 

==== Throws

* MS-AICHAIN:AI_SERVICES_FAILURE 
* MS-AICHAIN:EMBEDDING_OPERATIONS_FAILURE 
* MS-AICHAIN:FILE_HANDLING_FAILURE 
* MS-AICHAIN:RAG_FAILURE 
* MS-AICHAIN:TOOLS_OPERATION_FAILURE 

[[EmbeddingGetInfoFromStoreLegacy]]
=== EMBEDDING Get Info From Store Legacy
`<ms-aichain:embedding-get-info-from-store-legacy>`

Reads information via prompt from embedding store (in-Memory), which is imported from the storeName (full path)

==== Parameters

[%header%autowidth.spread]
|===
| Name | Type | Description | Default Value | Required
| Configuration | String | Name of the configuration to use. | | x

> | Data a| String |  Refers to the user prompt or query |  #[payload] | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Data a| String |  Refers to the user prompt or query. |  #[payload] | 
```

> | Store Name a| String |  Name of the store to be queried |  | x

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Store Name a| String |  Name of the store to query. |  | x
```

> | Get Latest a| Boolean |  Determines whether the store needs to be freshly fetched from the location |  false | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Get Latest a| Boolean |  Determines whether the store needs to be freshly fetched from the location. |  false | 
```

| Config Ref a| ConfigurationProvider |  Name of the configuration to use to execute this component. |  | x
| Streaming Strategy a| * <<RepeatableInMemoryStream>>
* <<RepeatableFileStoreStream>>
* non-repeatable-stream |  Configures how Mule processes streams. Repeatable streams are the default behavior. |  | 
| Target Variable a| String |  Name of the variable that stores the operation's output. |  | 
| Target Value a| String |  Expression that evaluates the operation's output. The expression outcome is stored in the target variable. |  #[payload] | 
|===

==== Output

[%autowidth.spread]
|===
|Type |Any
| Attributes Type a| Object
|===

==== For Configurations

* <<Config>> 

==== Throws

* MS-AICHAIN:AI_SERVICES_FAILURE 
* MS-AICHAIN:EMBEDDING_OPERATIONS_FAILURE 
* MS-AICHAIN:FILE_HANDLING_FAILURE 
* MS-AICHAIN:RAG_FAILURE 
* MS-AICHAIN:TOOLS_OPERATION_FAILURE 

[[ImageGenerate]]
=== IMAGE Generate
`<ms-aichain:image-generate>`

Generates an image based on the prompt in data

==== Parameters

[%header%autowidth.spread]
|===
| Name | Type | Description | Default Value | Required
| Configuration | String | Name of the configuration to use. | | x

> | Data a| String |  Refers to the user prompt |  #[payload] | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Data a| String |  Refers to the user prompt. |  #[payload] | 
```

| Config Ref a| ConfigurationProvider |  Name of the configuration to use to execute this component. |  | x
| Streaming Strategy a| * <<RepeatableInMemoryStream>>
* <<RepeatableFileStoreStream>>
* non-repeatable-stream |  Configures how Mule processes streams. Repeatable streams are the default behavior. |  | 
| Target Variable a| String |  Name of the variable that stores the operation's output. |  | 
| Target Value a| String |  Expression that evaluates the operation's output. The expression outcome is stored in the target variable. |  #[payload] | 
|===

==== Output

[%autowidth.spread]
|===
|Type |Any
|===

==== For Configurations

* <<Config>> 

==== Throws

* MS-AICHAIN:FILE_HANDLING_FAILURE 
* MS-AICHAIN:IMAGE_ANALYSIS_FAILURE 
* MS-AICHAIN:IMAGE_GENERATION_FAILURE 
* MS-AICHAIN:IMAGE_PROCESSING_FAILURE 

[[ImageRead]]
=== IMAGE Read
`<ms-aichain:image-read>`

Reads an image from a URL and provides the responses for the user prompts.

==== Parameters

[%header%autowidth.spread]
|===
| Name | Type | Description | Default Value | Required
| Configuration | String | Name of the configuration to use. | | x

> | Data a| String |  Refers to the user prompt |  #[payload] | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Data a| String |  Refers to the user prompt. |  #[payload] | 
```

> | Context URL a| String |  Refers to the image URL to be analyzed |  | x

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Context URL a| String |  Refers to the image URL to analyze. |  | x
```

| Streaming Strategy a| * <<RepeatableInMemoryStream>>
* <<RepeatableFileStoreStream>>
* non-repeatable-stream |  Configures how Mule processes streams. Repeatable streams are the default behavior. |  | 
| Target Variable a| String |  Name of the variable that stores the operation's output. |  | 
| Target Value a| String |  Expression that evaluates the operation's output. The expression outcome is stored in the target variable. |  #[payload] | 
|===

==== Output

[%autowidth.spread]
|===
|Type |Any
| Attributes Type a| <<LlmResponseAttributes>>
|===

==== For Configurations

* <<Config>> 

==== Throws

* MS-AICHAIN:FILE_HANDLING_FAILURE 
* MS-AICHAIN:IMAGE_ANALYSIS_FAILURE 
* MS-AICHAIN:IMAGE_GENERATION_FAILURE 
* MS-AICHAIN:IMAGE_PROCESSING_FAILURE 

[[ImageReadScannedDocuments]]
=== IMAGE Read Scanned Documents
`<ms-aichain:image-read-scanned-documents>`

Reads scanned documents and converts to response as prompted by the user.

==== Parameters

[%header%autowidth.spread]
|===
| Name | Type | Description | Default Value | Required
| Configuration | String | Name of the configuration to use. | | x

> | Data a| String |  Refers to the user prompt |  #[payload] | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Data a| String |  Refers to the user prompt. |  #[payload] | 
```

> | File Path a| String |  Path to the file to be analyzed |  | x

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| File Path a| String |  Path to the file to analyze. |  | x
```

| Output Mime Type a| String |  The MIME type of the payload that this operation outputs. |  | 
| Output Encoding a| String |  The encoding of the payload that this operation outputs. |  | 
| Config Ref a| ConfigurationProvider |  Name of the configuration to use to execute this component. |  | x
| Streaming Strategy a| * <<RepeatableInMemoryStream>>
* <<RepeatableFileStoreStream>>
* non-repeatable-stream |  Configures how Mule processes streams. Repeatable streams are the default behavior. |  | 
| Target Variable a| String |  Name of the variable that stores the operation's output. |  | 
| Target Value a| String |  Expression that evaluates the operation's output. The expression outcome is stored in the target variable. |  #[payload] | 
|===

==== Output

[%autowidth.spread]
|===
|Type |Any
| Attributes Type a| <<ScannedDocResponseAttributes>>
|===

==== For Configurations

* <<Config>> 

==== Throws

* MS-AICHAIN:FILE_HANDLING_FAILURE 
* MS-AICHAIN:IMAGE_ANALYSIS_FAILURE 
* MS-AICHAIN:IMAGE_GENERATION_FAILURE 
* MS-AICHAIN:IMAGE_PROCESSING_FAILURE 

[[RagLoadDocument]]
=== RAG Load Document
`<ms-aichain:rag-load-document>`

> Enables the user to query the doc provided in natural language. The doc will be embedded into in memory vector store.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enables the user to query the doc provided in natural language. The doc is embedded into in memory vector store.
```

==== Parameters

[%header%autowidth.spread]
|===
| Name | Type | Description | Default Value | Required
| Configuration | String | Name of the configuration to use. | | x

> | Data a| String |  Defines the query input provided by the user |  #[payload] | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Data a| String |  Defines the query input provided by the user. |  #[payload] | 
```

> | Context Path a| String |  Defines the file path which will be embedded |  | x

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Context Path a| String |  Defines the file path that is embedded. |  | x
```

| Output Mime Type a| String |  The MIME type of the payload that this operation outputs. |  | 
| Output Encoding a| String |  The encoding of the payload that this operation outputs. |  | 
| Config Ref a| ConfigurationProvider |  Name of the configuration to use to execute this component. |  | x
| Streaming Strategy a| * <<RepeatableInMemoryStream>>
* <<RepeatableFileStoreStream>>
* non-repeatable-stream |  Configures how Mule processes streams. Repeatable streams are the default behavior. |  | 

> | File Type a| String |  |  text | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| File Type a| String | File type. |  text | 
```

| Target Variable a| String |  Name of the variable that stores the operation's output. |  | 
| Target Value a| String |  Expression that evaluates the operation's output. The expression outcome is stored in the target variable. |  #[payload] | 
|===

==== Output

[%autowidth.spread]
|===
|Type |Any
| Attributes Type a| <<LlmResponseAttributes>>
|===

==== For Configurations

* <<Config>> 

==== Throws

* MS-AICHAIN:AI_SERVICES_FAILURE 
* MS-AICHAIN:EMBEDDING_OPERATIONS_FAILURE 
* MS-AICHAIN:FILE_HANDLING_FAILURE 
* MS-AICHAIN:RAG_FAILURE 
* MS-AICHAIN:TOOLS_OPERATION_FAILURE 

[[SentimentAnalyze]]
=== SENTIMENT Analyze
`<ms-aichain:sentiment-analyze>`

Analyzes the sentiment of the user data.

==== Parameters

[%header%autowidth.spread]
|===
| Name | Type | Description | Default Value | Required
| Configuration | String | Name of the configuration to use. | | x

> | Data a| String |  Refers to the user input which needs to be analyzed |  #[payload] | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Data a| String |  Refers to the user input which needs to analyze. |  #[payload] | 
```

| Output Mime Type a| String |  The MIME type of the payload that this operation outputs. |  | 
| Output Encoding a| String |  The encoding of the payload that this operation outputs. |  | 
| Config Ref a| ConfigurationProvider |  Name of the configuration to use to execute this component. |  | x
| Streaming Strategy a| * <<RepeatableInMemoryStream>>
* <<RepeatableFileStoreStream>>
* non-repeatable-stream |  Configures how Mule processes streams. Repeatable streams are the default behavior. |  | 
| Target Variable a| String |  Name of the variable that stores the operation's output. |  | 
| Target Value a| String |  Expression that evaluates the operation's output. The expression outcome is stored in the target variable. |  #[payload] | 
|===

==== Output

[%autowidth.spread]
|===
|Type |Any
| Attributes Type a| <<LlmResponseAttributes>>
|===

==== For Configurations

* <<Config>> 

==== Throws

* MS-AICHAIN:AI_SERVICES_FAILURE 

[[ToolsUseAiService]]
=== TOOLS Use Ai Service
`<ms-aichain:tools-use-ai-service>`

> (AI Services) Usage of tools by a defined AI Agent. Provide a list of tools (APIs) with all required information (endpoint, headers, body, method, etc.) to the AI Agent to use it on purpose.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(AI Services) Usage of tools by a defined AI Agent. Provide a list of tools (APIs) with all required information (endpoint, headers, body, method, and so on) to the AI Agent to use it on purpose.
```

==== Parameters

[%header%autowidth.spread]
|===
| Name | Type | Description | Default Value | Required
| Configuration | String | Name of the configuration to use. | | x

> | Data a| String |  Refers to the user prompt or query |  #[payload] | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Data a| String |  Refers to the user prompt or query. |  #[payload] | 
```

> | Tool Config a| String |  Contains the configuration required by the LLM to enable calling tools |  | x

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Tool Config a| String |  Contains the configuration required by the LLM to enable calling tools. |  | x
```

| Output Mime Type a| String |  The MIME type of the payload that this operation outputs. |  | 
| Output Encoding a| String |  The encoding of the payload that this operation outputs. |  | 
| Config Ref a| ConfigurationProvider |  Name of the configuration to use to execute this component. |  | x
| Streaming Strategy a| * <<RepeatableInMemoryStream>>
* <<RepeatableFileStoreStream>>
* non-repeatable-stream |  Configures how Mule processes streams. Repeatable streams are the default behavior. |  | 
| Target Variable a| String |  Name of the variable that stores the operation's output. |  | 
| Target Value a| String |  Expression that evaluates the operation's output. The expression outcome is stored in the target variable. |  #[payload] | 
|===

==== Output

[%autowidth.spread]
|===
|Type |Any
| Attributes Type a| <<LlmResponseAttributes>>
|===

==== For Configurations

* <<Config>> 

==== Throws

* MS-AICHAIN:AI_SERVICES_FAILURE 
* MS-AICHAIN:EMBEDDING_OPERATIONS_FAILURE 
* MS-AICHAIN:FILE_HANDLING_FAILURE 
* MS-AICHAIN:RAG_FAILURE 
* MS-AICHAIN:TOOLS_OPERATION_FAILURE 

[[ToolsUseAiServiceLegacy]]
=== TOOLS Use Ai Service Legacy
`<ms-aichain:tools-use-ai-service-legacy>`

> (Legacy) Usage of tools by a defined AI Agent. Provide a list of tools (APIs) with all required information (endpoint, headers, body, method, etc.) to the AI Agent to use it on purpose.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(Legacy) Usage of tools by a defined AI Agent. Provide a list of tools (APIs) with all required information (endpoint, headers, body, method, and so on) to the AI Agent to use it on purpose.
```

==== Parameters

[%header%autowidth.spread]
|===
| Name | Type | Description | Default Value | Required
| Configuration | String | Name of the configuration to use. | | x

> | Data a| String |  Refers to the user prompt or query |  #[payload] | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Data a| String |  Refers to the user prompt or query. |  #[payload] | 
```

> | Tool Config a| String |  Contains the configuration required by the LLM to enable calling tools |  | x

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Tool Config a| String |  Contains the configuration required by the LLM to enable calling tools. |  | x
```

| Output Mime Type a| String |  The MIME type of the payload that this operation outputs. |  | 
| Output Encoding a| String |  The encoding of the payload that this operation outputs. |  | 
| Config Ref a| ConfigurationProvider |  Name of the configuration to use to execute this component. |  | x
| Streaming Strategy a| * <<RepeatableInMemoryStream>>
* <<RepeatableFileStoreStream>>
* non-repeatable-stream |  Configures how Mule processes streams. Repeatable streams are the default behavior. |  | 
| Target Variable a| String |  Name of the variable that stores the operation's output. |  | 
| Target Value a| String |  Expression that evaluates the operation's output. The expression outcome is stored in the target variable. |  #[payload] | 
|===

==== Output

[%autowidth.spread]
|===
|Type |Any
| Attributes Type a| Object
|===

==== For Configurations

* <<Config>> 

==== Throws

* MS-AICHAIN:AI_SERVICES_FAILURE 
* MS-AICHAIN:EMBEDDING_OPERATIONS_FAILURE 
* MS-AICHAIN:FILE_HANDLING_FAILURE 
* MS-AICHAIN:RAG_FAILURE 
* MS-AICHAIN:TOOLS_OPERATION_FAILURE 

[[EmbeddingAddDocumentToStore]]
=== EMBEDDING Add Document To Store
`<ms-aichain:embedding-add-document-to-store>`

> Add document of type text, any and url to embedding store (in-memory), which is exported to the defined storeName (full path)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add document of type text, any and URL to embedding store (in-memory), which is exported to the defined storeName (full path)
```

==== Parameters

[%header%autowidth.spread]
|===
| Name | Type | Description | Default Value | Required

> | Store Name a| String |  Name of the embedding store |  | x

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Store Name a| String |  Name of the embedding store. |  | x
```

> | Context Path a| String |  Refers to the location of the file to be processed |  | x

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Context Path a| String |  Refers to the location of the file to process. |  | x
```

> | Max Segment Size In Chars a| Number |  Max allowed size of continuous sequence of characters while embedding |  | x

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Max Segment Size In Chars a| Number |  Max allowed size of continuous sequence of characters while embedding. |  | x
```

> | Max Overlap Size In Chars a| Number |  Max size of overlapping characters allowed while embedding |  | x

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Max Overlap Size In Chars a| Number |  Max size of overlapping characters allowed while embedding. |  | x
```

| Output Mime Type a| String |  The MIME type of the payload that this operation outputs. |  | 
| Output Encoding a| String |  The encoding of the payload that this operation outputs. |  | 
| Streaming Strategy a| * <<RepeatableInMemoryStream>>
* <<RepeatableFileStoreStream>>
* non-repeatable-stream |  Configures how Mule processes streams. Repeatable streams are the default behavior. |  | 

> | File Type a| String |  |  text | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| File Type a| String | File type. |  text | 
```

| Target Variable a| String |  Name of the variable that stores the operation's output. |  | 
| Target Value a| String |  Expression that evaluates the operation's output. The expression outcome is stored in the target variable. |  #[payload] | 
|===

==== Output

[%autowidth.spread]
|===
|Type |Any
| Attributes Type a| Object
|===

==== Throws

* MS-AICHAIN:AI_SERVICES_FAILURE 
* MS-AICHAIN:EMBEDDING_OPERATIONS_FAILURE 
* MS-AICHAIN:FILE_HANDLING_FAILURE 
* MS-AICHAIN:RAG_FAILURE 
* MS-AICHAIN:TOOLS_OPERATION_FAILURE 

[[EmbeddingAddFolderToStore]]
=== EMBEDDING Add Folder To Store
`<ms-aichain:embedding-add-folder-to-store>`

> Add document of type text, any and url to embedding store (in-memory), which is exported to the defined storeName (full path)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add document of type text, any and URL to embedding store (in-memory), which is exported to the defined storeName (full path)
```

==== Parameters

[%header%autowidth.spread]
|===
| Name | Type | Description | Default Value | Required

> | Store Name a| String |  Name of the embedding store |  | x

Reviewer: add periods globally to tables and file type field description

| Max Results a| Number |  Max results to retrieve from the store |  | x
| Min Score a| Number |  Filters the response with this minScore |  | x
| Get Latest a| Boolean |  Determines whether the store needs to be freshly fetched from the location |  false | 
| Output Mime Type a| String |  The MIME type of the payload that this operation outputs. |  | 
| Output Encoding a| String |  The encoding of the payload that this operation outputs. |  | 
| Streaming Strategy a| * <<RepeatableInMemoryStream>>
* <<RepeatableFileStoreStream>>
* non-repeatable-stream |  Configures how Mule processes streams. Repeatable streams are the default behavior. |  | 
| Target Variable a| String |  Name of the variable that stores the operation's output. |  | 
| Target Value a| String |  Expression that evaluates the operation's output. The expression outcome is stored in the target variable. |  #[payload] | 
|===

==== Output

[%autowidth.spread]
|===
|Type |Any
| Attributes Type a| Object
|===

==== Throws

* MS-AICHAIN:AI_SERVICES_FAILURE 
* MS-AICHAIN:EMBEDDING_OPERATIONS_FAILURE 
* MS-AICHAIN:FILE_HANDLING_FAILURE 
* MS-AICHAIN:RAG_FAILURE 
* MS-AICHAIN:TOOLS_OPERATION_FAILURE 

> == Types

Reviewer: nice to have: add descriptioms to missing Type fields

=== Expiration Policy

Configures an expiration policy strategy.

[%header,cols="20s,25a,30a,15a,10a"]
|===
| Field | Type | Description | Default Value | Required
| Max Idle Time a| Number | Configures the maximum amount of time that a dynamic configuration instance can remain idle before Mule considers it eligible for expiration. |  |
| Time Unit a| Enumeration, one of:

** NANOSECONDS
** MICROSECONDS
** MILLISECONDS
** SECONDS
** MINUTES
** HOURS
** DAYS | Time unit for the *Max Idle Time* field. |  |
|===

[[LlmResponseAttributes]]
=== LLM Response Attributes

[%header,cols="20s,25a,30a,15a,10a"]
|===
| Field | Type | Description | Default Value | Required
| Additional Attributes a| Object |  |  | 
| Token Usage a| <<token-usage>> |  |  | 
|===

[[token-usage]]
=== Token Usage

Token usage metadata returned as attributes.

[%header,cols="20s,25a,30a,15a,10a"]
|===
| Field | Type | Description | Default Value | Required
| Input Count a| Number | Number of tokens used to process the input. |  | 
| Output Count a| Number | Number of tokens used to generate the output. |  | 
| Total Count a| Number | Total number of tokens used for input and output. |  | 
|===

> [[repeatable-in-memory-stream]]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[[RepeatableInMemoryStream]]
```

=== Repeatable In Memory Stream

Configures the in-memory streaming strategy by which the request fails if the data exceeds the MAX buffer size. Always run performance tests to find the optimal buffer size for your specific use case.

[%header,cols="20s,25a,30a,15a,10a"]
|===
| Field | Type | Description | Default Value | Required

> | Initial Buffer Size a| Number | Initial amount of memory to allocate to the data stream. If the streamed data exceeds this value, the buffer expands by *Buffer Size Increment*, with an upper limit of *Max In Memory Size value*. |  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Initial Buffer Size a| Number | Initial amount of memory to allocate to the data stream. If the streamed data exceeds this value, the buffer expands by *Buffer Size Increment*, with an upper limit of *Max Buffer Size*. |  |
```

| Buffer Size Increment a| Number | Amount by which the buffer size expands if it exceeds its initial size. Setting a value of `0` or lower specifies that the buffer can't expand. |  |
| Max Buffer Size a| Number | The maximum amount of memory to use. If more than that is used then a `STREAM_MAXIMUM_SIZE_EXCEEDED` error is raised. A value lower than or equal to zero means no limit. |  |
| Buffer Unit a| Enumeration, one of:

** BYTE
** KB
** MB

> ** GB | Unit for the *Initial Buffer Size*, *Buffer Size Increment*, and *Buffer Unit* fields. |  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** GB | Unit for the *Initial Buffer Size*, *Buffer Size Increment*, and *Max Buffer Size* fields. |  |
```

|===

> [[repeatable-file-store-stream]]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[[RepeatableFileMemoryStream]]
```

| In Memory Size a| Number a| Maximum amount of memory that the stream can use for data. If the amount of memory exceeds this value, Mule buffers the content to disk. To optimize performance:

* Configure a larger buffer size to avoid the number of times Mule needs to write the buffer on disk. This increases performance, but it also limits the number of concurrent requests your application can process, because it requires additional memory.

* Configure a smaller buffer size to decrease memory load at the expense of response time. |  |
| Buffer Unit a| Enumeration, one of:

** BYTE
** KB
** MB
** GB | Unit for the *In Memory Size* field. |  |
|===

[[ScannedDocResponseAttributes]]
=== Scanned Doc Response Attributes

[%header,cols="20s,25a,30a,15a,10a"]
|===
| Field | Type | Description | Default Value | Required
| Additional Attributes a| Object |  |  | 
| Scanned Doc Attributes a| Array of <<DocResponseAttribute>> |  |  | 
|===

[[DocResponseAttribute]]
=== Doc Response Attribute

[%header,cols="20s,25a,30a,15a,10a"]
|===
| Field | Type | Description | Default Value | Required
| Page a| Number |  |  | 
| Token Usage a| <<token-usage>> |  |  | 
|===

== See Also

> * xref:index.adoc

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* xref:index.adoc[MuleSoft AI Chain Connector]
```
